Three anti-mobile phone building intercom DMR digital intercom module, programme development

A. Three anti-mobile phone digital intercom DMR module(based on the HR-C3000 intercom DMR module)

DMR mobile phone module is a DMR standard digital intercom module,support single-duplex voice, confirmation/non-confirmation number
According to the SMS communication. This module has built-in high-performance RF transceiver chip and RF power amplifier, DMR digital intercom chip. External
The MCU via a standard asynchronous serial communication module set the operating parameters and the control module working condition. The module is just outside
Connected to the antenna, a microphone, a voice amplifier can be composed of a complete DMR digital walkie-talkie.
Field of application: small digital walkie-talkie,cell phone digital intercom system

(A). Module characteristics:

1. Frequency range:4 0 0~470MHz
2. Frequency interval:12.5 kHz
3. RF output power:High Power 1W,Low Power 0.5 W
4. Power supply voltage:3.7 V~4.2 V
5. High Receiving Sensitivity:-117dBm
6. Supporting the write frequency
7. Support DMR Protocol and is compatible with traditional analog intercom mode
8. The DMR mode supports the following operations

1)Supports group call, individual call, all call
2)support the confirmation, non-confirmation SMS communication, support status of the short message
3)Support calling/called detection
4)support of call tips
5)support remote monitoring
6)Support emergency Alarm
7)Support Stun/activate
8)support voice encryption
9)Support pass-through, relay mode Voice, SMS app

(II). Analog intercom mode supports the following operations
1)Support CTCSS/CDCSS sub-audio squelch
2)support the monitoring

(III). Module size and package
II. Building intercom digital intercom module(based on the HR-C5000 intercom DMR chip)
The module is using the DMR standard digital intercom module,support single-duplex/full-duplex voice, confirmation/non-confirmation data to SMS
Communication. This module has built-in high-performance RF transceiver chip and RF power amplifier, DMR digital intercom chip HR_C5000, high resistance
Can the vocoder, the master MCU. An external MCU via a standard asynchronous serial communication module set the operating parameters and the control module
Work of the state. The module requires only an external antenna, a microphone, a voice amplifier can be composed of a complete DMR digital walkie-talkie.

Application area: elevators intercom communication

2 characteristics frequency range:4 0 0~470MHz

Frequency interval:12.5 kHz

RF output power:high power 4W Low Power 1W

Supply Voltage:12V

High Receiving Sensitivity: -120dBm

Support group call, all call, single call and full-duplex voice communication
Support confirmed, non-confirmed SMS communication, support status of the short message
Support calling/called detection
Support of call tips
Support remote monitor
Support pass-through, relay mode Voice, SMS app

3 sizes and pin M400 Board as shown in Figure 1, having a size of 50mm×90mm.

III. The digital walkie-talkie module, programme development(based on HR_C5000 chip)

Based on HR_C5000 or HR_C3000 chip,according to the customer the functional requirements of the project Development Programme,to provide
The digital walkie-talkie PCBA Board or module,support for digital and analog intercom compatible design,support through the MOTO, the sea can
Up interconnection,the better the reasonable cluster networking applications,reduce cost,and more competitive advantage.

IV. The minimum integrated Analog walkie-talkie module
The earliest use discrete components to do the walkie-talkie the traditional solution has been far can not meet the manufacturers for the cost and volume
Requirements;especially in the fast completion of the walkie talkie development.
To that end,should market demand,the company independent development and design of a single chip walkie-talkie solution. Put all
Traditional discrete component solutions integrated into a small module. The module is fully integrated, paired speaking machine of all functions,built-in high availability
Can be a radio frequency transceiver chip, a microprocessor(MCU), a RF power amplifier(PA)and the like. The module volume is small, the degree of integration
High, stable performance, flexible application,and in line with most of the world walkie talkie standard. Widely used in any
Mobile handheld products,such as wireless intercom, paging system, smart home, industrial data acquisition and other fields.
Welcome the incoming letter consultation,we can provide sample to test and perfect technical support,can meet your fast
To achieve complete product design.

Module specifications:
1. Operating frequency range:4 0 0—470MHz;
2. RF output Power:0.5 W/1W;
3. Transmit frequency modulation gain of a digitally adjustable;
4. High-resolution,frequency adjustable;
5. Having a crystal frequency temperature compensation circuit;
6. The direct frequency synthesizer of the FM mode;
7.38 CTCSS encoding and decoding;
8. Based on digital signal processing techniques to the transmitting filter;
9. Based on digital signal processing of the FM demodulation techniques;1 0. Low phase noise and fast phase lock time:100us;

1 1. High receiver sensitivity:-122dBm;
1 2. Fully integrated receiver filter;
1 3. Ultra-low-power sleep mode;
1 4. Voltage operating range:3.6 V~6.0 V;
1 5. Via a standard asynchronous serial interface(RS232)set the parameters of the module;
1 6. Asynchronous serial port AT command control;
1 7. Module physical size :3 5*19MM;
1 8. Communication distance:open non-blocking composition can be up to 3--5 km.

Division I engaged in the 1 0 years of the intercom module, programme development,based on customer functional requirements of the Development Programme/module
/PCBA Board
